Add links and Topics introduction (#4)
Alp4ga/SQA_Assignment_1: Handbook.md

## Task estimation in scrum

__Links:__

> * https://medium.com/@psengayire/the-importance-of-coding-standards-and-conventions-in-the-software-development-team-how-they-can-5d252556a05#:~:text=Coding%20standards%20are%20collections%20of,methods%20for%20a%20programming%20language.&text=Without%20the%20coding%20conventions%2C%20every,code%20in%20the%20near%20future.

Reviewer: It would be great to upgrade these plain links with the right Markdown syntax ([GitHub MD docs](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#links))

* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coding_conventions
* https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/coding-standards-and-guidelines/
* https://isocpp.org/wiki/faq/coding-standards
* https://www.aversan.com/coding-standards-and-best-practices-2/
### 2.1 Topics introduction

Coding standards are collections of rules and guidelines that determine the programming style, procedures, and methods for a programming language. Using the right one will help you write cleaner code.

> Without the coding conventions, every individual in a team will settle their coding styles. It will not be easy to maintain and debug the code in the near future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without coding conventions, every individual in a team would settle their own coding styles. It would not be easy to maintain and debug the code in the near future.
```

## Coding standards

__Links:__
* [Medium](https://medium.com/@psengayire/the-importance-of-coding-standards-and-conventions-in-the-software-development-team-how-they-can-5d252556a05#:~:text=Coding%20standards%20are%20collections%20of,methods%20for%20a%20programming%20language.&text=Without%20the%20coding%20conventions%2C%20every,code%20in%20the%20near%20future.)
* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coding_conventions)
* [Geeksforgeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/coding-standards-and-guidelines/)
* [isocpp](https://isocpp.org/wiki/faq/coding-standards)
* [aversan](https://www.aversan.com/coding-standards-and-best-practices-2/)
### 3.1 Topics introduction
Coding standards are collections of rules and guidelines that determine the programming style, procedures, and methods for a programming language. Using the right one will help you write cleaner code.

> Without the coding conventions, every individual in a team will settle their coding styles. It will not be easy to maintain and debug the code in the near future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without coding conventions, every individual in a team would settle their own coding styles. It would not be easy to maintain and debug the code in the near future.
```
